Fix/cow naming and links update (#802)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/v1/receive-payments.en.md

>
> Note
>
> This documentation refers to the new version of the Checkout Pro.
>
> Remember there is only active support and new functionalities for the [new version of the Checkout Pro.](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/introduction/)

> Receive payments simply and securely using the Mercado Pago’s Checkout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receive payments simply and securely using the Checkout Pro.
```
